
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.400708                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2400708253000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2400708253000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 141448                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   181662                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             5628731106                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 441396                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   426.51                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    60328852                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      77480507                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::realview.clcd    114819072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.dtb.walker           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.itb.walker          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           503328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data          7113744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.dtb.walker           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst            84352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data           676992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.dtb.walker          320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.itb.walker           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.inst           176960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.data          1286200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total            124661288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       503328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst        84352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst       176960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          764640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      3747008                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu0.data       1490172                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu1.data        199452                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu2.data       1326192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           6762824                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::realview.clcd      14352384                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst             14067                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data            111186                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst              1318                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data             10578                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.dtb.walker            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.itb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.inst              2765                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.data             20110                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total              14512418                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           58547                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu0.data           372543                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu1.data            49863                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu2.data           331548                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               812501                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::realview.clcd        47827166                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.dtb.walker            27                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.itb.walker            53                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst              209658                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data             2963186                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.dtb.walker            27                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst               35136                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data              281997                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.dtb.walker           133                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.itb.walker            27                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.inst               73712                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.data              535759                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                51926879                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         209658                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst          35136                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst          73712                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             318506                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           1560793                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu0.data             620722                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu1.data              83080                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu2.data             552417                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                2817012                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           1560793                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::realview.clcd       47827166                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.dtb.walker           27                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.itb.walker           53                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst             209658                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data            3583907                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.dtb.walker           27                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst              35136                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data             365077                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.dtb.walker          133                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.itb.walker           27                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.inst              73712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.data            1088176                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               54743891                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                      12544378                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                       398835                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                          54540                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                    802840192                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                  25525440                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd              102301752                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                2640780                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        0                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite               2352                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                784491                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                784138                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                784232                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                784566                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                784404                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                784106                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                784266                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                784324                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                783997                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                783399                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10               783436                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11               783681                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12               783642                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13               783494                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14               783837                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15               784365                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                 24962                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                 24829                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                 24774                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                 25058                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                 24838                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                 24650                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                 24877                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                 25285                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                 25156                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                 24816                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                24782                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                24769                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                24956                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                24888                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                24972                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                25223                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                       14353                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    2399673084000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                      14                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                12509600                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   34764                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                 381411                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  17424                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    811080                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                    787373                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                    793054                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                   2980679                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                   2247655                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                   2247973                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                   2236496                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                     48996                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                     48907                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                     90849                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                   132798                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                    90866                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                     6937                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                     6917                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                     6901                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                     6892                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      2983                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      2989                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      2991                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      3009                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      3008                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      3009                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      3006                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      3004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      3001                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                     17347                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                    17345                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                    17341                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                    17336                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                    17328                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                    17325                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                    17319                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                    17315                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                    17311                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                    17309                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                    17305                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                    17301                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                    17298                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                    17295                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                    14410                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                    14399                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                    14391                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                    14365                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                    14363                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                    14361                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                    14359                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                    14357                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                    14355                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.totQLat                   275491085000                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat              350869643750                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                  62721890000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                 12656668750                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                       21961.32                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                     1008.95                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  27970.27                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         334.42                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          10.63                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  42.61                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   1.10                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           2.70                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.15                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         0.39                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                   12490088                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                    392491                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   99.57                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  98.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       185400.11                       # Average gap between requests
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           20                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::total            20                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           20                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::total           20                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::total              5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst            8                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::total                8                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst            8                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::total            8                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst            8                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::total               8                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.l2c.replacements                         63256                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tagsinuse                     50350.042137                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.total_refs                         1749849                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.sampled_refs                        128650                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.avg_refs                         13.601625                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.warmup_cycle                  2374435455000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.occ_blocks::writebacks        36844.077748                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu0.dtb.walker       0.000018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu0.itb.walker       0.000124                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst          5153.281590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu0.data          3773.823073                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu1.dtb.walker       0.993316                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst           798.045066                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu1.data           747.763007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu2.dtb.walker       4.909443                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu2.itb.walker       0.003957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst          1438.233653                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu2.data          1588.911142                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_percent::writebacks           0.562196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu0.dtb.walker      0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu0.itb.walker      0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu0.inst            0.078633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu0.data            0.057584                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu1.dtb.walker      0.000015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu1.inst            0.012177                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu1.data            0.011410                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu2.dtb.walker      0.000075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu2.itb.walker      0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu2.inst            0.021946                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu2.data            0.024245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::total                0.768281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         8858                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         3206                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst             462948                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data             169043                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         2530                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         1092                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst             132569                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data              65266                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.dtb.walker        18106                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.itb.walker         4114                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst             284351                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data             139144                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                1291227                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks          597831                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total               597831                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data              13                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data               4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data              15                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  32                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data             3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                 3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            60787                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            19416                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data            33391                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               113594                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker          8858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.itb.walker          3206                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              462948                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              229830                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker          2530                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.itb.walker          1092                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              132569                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data               84682                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.dtb.walker         18106                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.itb.walker          4114                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.inst              284351                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.data              172535                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 1404821                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         8858                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         3206                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             462948                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             229830                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         2530                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         1092                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             132569                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data              84682                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.dtb.walker        18106                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.itb.walker         4114                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.inst             284351                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.data             172535                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                1404821                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst             7451                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data             6381                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst             1318                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data             1194                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst             2765                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data             2549                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total                21668                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          1421                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data           507                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data           980                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total              2908                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total               1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data         105561                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data           9656                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data          18147                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             133364                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              7451                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data            111942                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst              1318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data             10850                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.inst              2765                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.data             20696                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                155032                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             7451                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data           111942                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst             1318                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data            10850                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.inst             2765                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.data            20696                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               155032                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        69000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     73618000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     68964500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker       344500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker        69000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    180915000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    155129499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      479109499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       115000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data        90000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       205000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    433667500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    956422000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1390089500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        69000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     73618000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data    502632000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker       344500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker        69000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    180915000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1111551499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total      1869198999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        69000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     73618000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data    502632000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker       344500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker        69000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    180915000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1111551499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total     1869198999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker         8859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         3208                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         470399                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data         175424                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker         2531                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         1092                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         133887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data          66460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.dtb.walker        18111                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.itb.walker         4115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst         287116                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data         141693                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total            1312895                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       597831                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total           597831                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1434                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          511                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data          995                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            2940                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total             4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       166348                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data        29072                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data        51538                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           246958                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker         8859                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         3208                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          470399                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          341772                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker         2531                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         1092                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          133887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data           95532                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.dtb.walker        18111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.itb.walker         4115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst          287116                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.data          193231                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             1559853                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker         8859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         3208                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         470399                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         341772                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker         2531                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         1092                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         133887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data          95532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.dtb.walker        18111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.itb.walker         4115                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst         287116                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.data         193231                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            1559853                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000113                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000623                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.015840                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.036375                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000395                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.009844                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.017966                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.itb.walker     0.000243                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.009630                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.017990                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.016504                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.990934                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.992172                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.984925                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.989116                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.634579                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.332141                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.352109                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.540027                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000113                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000623                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.015840                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.327534                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000395                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.009844                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.113575                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000276                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.itb.walker     0.000243                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.009630                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.107105                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.099389                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000113                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000623                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.015840                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.327534                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000395                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.009844                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.113575                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000276                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.itb.walker     0.000243                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.009630                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.107105                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.099389                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        69000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 55855.842185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 57759.212730                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker        68900                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker        69000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 65430.379747                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 60858.963907                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22111.385407                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data   226.824458                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data    91.836735                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total    70.495186                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 44911.712925                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 52704.138425                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10423.273897                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        69000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 55855.842185                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 46325.529954                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker        68900                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker        69000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 65430.379747                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 53708.518506                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12056.859223                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        69000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 55855.842185                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 46325.529954                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker        68900                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker        69000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 65430.379747                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 53708.518506                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12056.859223                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               58547                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    58547                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data             8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                 8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data              8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                  8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data             8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                 8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         2765                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         2541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            7825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          507                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          980                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         1487                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         9656                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        18147                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         27803                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        10850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         2765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        20688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total            35628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1318                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        10850                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         2765                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        20688                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total           35628                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        56251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     57085318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     54060944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker       281255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker        56251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    146465179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    123133891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    381139089                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      5113480                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      9800980                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14914460                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        10001                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        10001                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    313418646                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    730113588                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1043532234                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        56251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     57085318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    367479590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker       281255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker        56251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    146465179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    853247479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1424671323                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        56251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     57085318                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    367479590                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker       281255                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker        56251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    146465179                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    853247479                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1424671323                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  25256982500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data  26555773011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  51812755511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    643112863                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data   9826950545                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10470063408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  25900095363                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data  36382723556                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  62282818919                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000395                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.009844                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.017966                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000276                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.itb.walker     0.000243                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.009630                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.017933                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005960                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.992172                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.984925                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.505782                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.332141                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.352109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.112582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000395                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.009844                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.113575                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000276                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.itb.walker     0.000243                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.009630                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.107064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.022841                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000395                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.009844                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.113575                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000276                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.itb.walker     0.000243                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.009630                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.107064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022841                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        56251                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 43312.077390                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 45277.172529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker        56251                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker        56251                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 52971.131646                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 48458.831562                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48707.870799                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10085.759369                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        10001                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10029.899126                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        10001                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        10001                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 32458.434756                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 40233.294098                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37533.080387                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        56251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 43312.077390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 33869.086636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker        56251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker        56251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 52971.131646                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 41243.594306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39987.406618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        56251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 43312.077390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 33869.086636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker        56251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker        56251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 52971.131646                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 41243.594306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39987.406618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                     8066044                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                      6218                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    6637384                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                     2035                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                         279                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                692                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     30                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                    5688                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                   121                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                      212                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                 8072262                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                6639419                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                         14703428                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                           8253                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                     14711681                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                    32696148                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                      3481                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                         279                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                692                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     30                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                    2588                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                32699629                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                         32696148                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                           3481                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                     32699629                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                       114001235                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   32202356                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     42405748                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             37555932                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  5136                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    1189098                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      4237826                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    37555932                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         5136                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          191328019                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          39633304                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                3646                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes               1492                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     15368046                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    8434010                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   6934036                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              13414288023.648659                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              -13300286788.648659                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction             -116.667918                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                  117.667918                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                   82893                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                892329                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tagsinuse               511.602586                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.total_refs                44224471                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.sampled_refs                892841                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.avg_refs                 49.532303                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.warmup_cycle            8120621000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   478.364653                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst    17.665639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst    15.572294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.934306                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.034503                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.030415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     32227698                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst      8245303                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst      3751470                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       44224471                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     32227698                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst      8245303                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst      3751470                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        44224471                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     32227698                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst      8245303                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst      3751470                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       44224471                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       471122                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       134159                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst       311537                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       916818                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       471122                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       134159                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst       311537                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        916818                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       471122                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       134159                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst       311537                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       916818                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1808055500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4158384493                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5966439993                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1808055500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4158384493                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   5966439993                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1808055500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4158384493                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   5966439993                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     32698820                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst      8379462                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst      4063007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     45141289                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     32698820                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst      8379462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst      4063007                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     45141289                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     32698820                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst      8379462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst      4063007                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     45141289                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014408                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016010                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.076676                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.020310                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014408                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016010                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.076676                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.020310                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014408                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016010                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.076676                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.020310                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13476.960174                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13347.963462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6507.769255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13476.960174                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13347.963462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  6507.769255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13476.960174                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13347.963462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  6507.769255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         5517                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              195                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    28.292308                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        23964                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        23964                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        23964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        23964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        23964                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        23964                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       134159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       287573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       421732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       134159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       287573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       421732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       134159                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       287573                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       421732                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1539737500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   3392264993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4932002493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1539737500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   3392264993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4932002493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1539737500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   3392264993                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4932002493                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.070778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009342                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016010                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.070778                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009342                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016010                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.070778                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009342                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11476.960174                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 11796.187379                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11694.636625                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11476.960174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 11796.187379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11694.636625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11476.960174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 11796.187379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11694.636625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements                630023                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tagsinuse               511.997115                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.total_refs                23223254                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.sampled_refs                630535                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_refs                 36.831031                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.warmup_cycle              21763000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   495.880002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     9.605532                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     6.511582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.968516                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.018761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.012718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      6947766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      1882163                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data      4477345                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       13307274                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      5958886                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data      1342354                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data      2125973                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       9427213                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       131324                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data        34069                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu2.data        72982                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       238375                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       137698                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data        35791                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu2.data        73904                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       247393                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     12906652                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data      3224517                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data      6603318                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        22734487                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     12906652                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data      3224517                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data      6603318                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       22734487                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       169050                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data        64738                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data       285084                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       518872                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       167782                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data        29583                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data       591784                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       789149                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data         6374                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data         1722                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu2.data         3871                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        11967                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu2.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       336832                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data        94321                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data       876868                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       1308021                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       336832                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data        94321                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data       876868                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      1308021                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    902894500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4121906000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5024800500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    728179000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  17993273399                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  18721452399                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     22543500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data     52244000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     74787500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data        64000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        64000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1631073500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data  22115179399                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  23746252899                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1631073500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data  22115179399                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  23746252899                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      7116816                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1946901                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data      4762429                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13826146                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6126668                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1371937                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data      2717757                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     10216362                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       137698                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data        35791                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu2.data        76853                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       250342                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       137698                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data        35791                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu2.data        73908                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       247397                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     13243484                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data      3318838                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data      7480186                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24042508                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     13243484                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data      3318838                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data      7480186                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24042508                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.023754                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.033252                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.059861                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.037528                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.027386                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.021563                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.217747                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.077244                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.046290                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.048113                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.050369                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.047803                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000054                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.025434                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.028420                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.117225                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.054405                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.025434                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.028420                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.117225                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.054405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13946.901356                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 14458.566598                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9684.084900                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 24614.778758                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 30405.136670                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23723.596430                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13091.463415                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 13496.254198                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6249.477730                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data        16000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total        16000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 17292.792697                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 25220.648261                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18154.336130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 17292.792697                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 25220.648261                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18154.336130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         8894                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          919                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             1121                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets             44                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     7.933988                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    20.886364                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       597831                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           597831                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       146824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       146824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       539280                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       539280                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data          409                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total          409                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       686104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       686104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       686104                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       686104                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        64738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       138260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       202998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        29583                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        52504                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        82087                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1722                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         3462                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         5184                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        94321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       190764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       285085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        94321                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       190764                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       285085                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    773418500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1795552000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2568970500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    669013000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1403739991                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2072752991                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     19099500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     40608500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59708000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        56000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        56000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1442431500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3199291991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4641723491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1442431500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3199291991                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4641723491                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  27592956500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data  28992541000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  56585497500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   1276098000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data  14147117763                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  15423215763                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  28869054500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data  43139658763                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  72008713263                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.033252                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.029031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014682                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.021563                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.019319                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008035                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.048113                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.045047                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020708                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000054                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.028420                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.025503                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011858                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.028420                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.025503                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011858                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 11946.901356                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 12986.778533                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12655.151775                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 22614.778758                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 26735.867572                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25250.685139                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 11091.463415                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 11729.780474                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11517.746914                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        14000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        14000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15292.792697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 16770.942059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16281.893088                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15292.792697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 16770.942059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16281.893088                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     2162379                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                      2097                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    1458481                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                      389                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                         277                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                242                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     12                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                    1709                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                    39                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                       79                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                 2164476                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                1458870                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                          3620860                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                           2486                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                      3623346                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                     8379462                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                      1132                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                         277                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                242                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     12                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                     830                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                 8380594                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                          8379462                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                           1132                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                      8380594                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                       573333879                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    8178203                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     10418210                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses              9330752                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1998                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     315480                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      1141385                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                     9330752                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                         1998                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           53785556                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          10103056                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                1549                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                450                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      3793769                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    2257716                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   1536053                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              537669981.200710                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              35663897.799290                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.062204                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.937796                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups                4726334                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted          3843092                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect           222010                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups             2958856                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits                2529751                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct            85.497604                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.usedRAS                 412073                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect             21648                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                    10884010                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                     22849                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                    3265307                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                     5901                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb                         276                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                505                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     21                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_entries                    2317                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dtb.align_faults                      675                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.prefetch_faults                   176                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.perms_faults                      462                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                10906859                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                3271208                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.hits                         14149317                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.misses                          28750                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.accesses                     14178067                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_hits                     4064296                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.itb.inst_misses                      4509                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb                         276                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                505                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     21                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_entries                    1562                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.perms_faults                      968                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_accesses                 4068805                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.itb.hits                          4064296                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.misses                           4509                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.accesses                      4068805                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                        88279018                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.fetch.icacheStallCycles           9458864                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu2.fetch.Insts                      32433194                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu2.fetch.Branches                    4726334                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu2.fetch.predictedBranches           2941824                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu2.fetch.Cycles                      6832879                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.SquashCycles                1816174                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu2.fetch.TlbCycles                     51286                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu2.fetch.BlockedCycles              19337351                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.MiscStallCycles                2080                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingDrainCycles              975                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on pipes to drain
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        33815                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles        56915                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          312                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu2.fetch.CacheLines                  4063011                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheSquashes               310021                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.ItlbSquashes                   1911                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples          37021672                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.050656                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.436806                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                30193705     81.56%     81.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                  383800      1.04%     82.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                  509282      1.38%     83.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                  813035      2.20%     86.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                  655040      1.77%     87.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                  344627      0.93%     88.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                 1013096      2.74%     91.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                  238978      0.65%     92.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                 2870109      7.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total            37021672                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                 0.053539                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                       0.367394                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.decode.IdleCycles                10074280                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu2.decode.BlockedCycles             19273281                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu2.decode.RunCycles                  6183203                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu2.decode.UnblockCycles               295071                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu2.decode.SquashCycles               1194753                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu2.decode.BranchResolved              612486                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu2.decode.BranchMispred                53708                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu2.decode.DecodedInsts              36748038                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.decode.SquashedInsts               181597                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.rename.SquashCycles               1194753                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu2.rename.IdleCycles                10649029                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu2.rename.BlockCycles                6564844                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles      11163009                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.RunCycles                  5883991                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu2.rename.UnblockCycles              1564995                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedInsts              34501786                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu2.rename.ROBFullEvents                 2424                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu2.rename.IQFullEvents                422794                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu2.rename.LSQFullEvents               878812                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu2.rename.FullRegisterEvents              93                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedOperands           37014698                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu2.rename.RenameLookups            157694934                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu2.rename.int_rename_lookups       157667196                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.fp_rename_lookups            27738                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.CommittedMaps             25798325                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu2.rename.UndoneMaps                11216372                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts            231057                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts        207527                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                  3357295                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads             6536002                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores            3838530                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads           533894                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores          787090                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsAdded                  31736542                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu2.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             511835                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsIssued                 34275347                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            54662                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        7411950                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     19918044                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        155690                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     37021672                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.925818                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.580792                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           24452597     66.05%     66.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            3909614     10.56%     76.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            2349010      6.34%     82.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            1972018      5.33%     88.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            2798812      7.56%     95.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             886009      2.39%     98.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             484017      1.31%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             134496      0.36%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              35099      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       37021672                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  18701      1.22%      1.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      1.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      1.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%      1.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%      1.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%      1.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%      1.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%      1.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%      1.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%      1.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%      1.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%      1.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%      1.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%      1.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%      1.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%      1.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%      1.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%      1.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%      1.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%      1.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%      1.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%      1.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%      1.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%      1.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%      1.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%      1.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%      1.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      1.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%      1.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead               1408658     91.63%     92.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               109949      7.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            61376      0.18%      0.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             19371931     56.52%     56.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               25889      0.08%     56.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     56.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     56.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     56.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     56.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     56.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     56.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     56.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     56.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     56.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     56.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     56.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     56.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  6      0.00%     56.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     56.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     56.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     56.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              6      0.00%     56.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     56.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     56.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     56.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     56.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     56.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     56.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           382      0.00%     56.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     56.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            6      0.00%     56.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     56.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            11383572     33.21%     89.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            3432179     10.01%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total              34275347                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                          0.388262                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1537308                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.044852                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         107186070                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         39665615                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     27402348                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads               6887                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes              3783                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         3156                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses              35747644                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses                   3635                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          208180                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1582611                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         1901                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         9388                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       582353                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads      5366761                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       352360                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles               1194753                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles                4874895                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles                91791                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           32329432                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            60600                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              6536002                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             3838530                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            369520                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 31433                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 2533                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          9388                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        105889                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        88624                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts              194513                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts             33284218                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             11095059                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           991129                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                        81055                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                    14494094                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                 3696710                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                   3399035                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                    0.377034                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                      32864100                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                     27405504                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                 15677727                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                 28502633                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                      0.310442                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                    0.550045                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.commit.commitSquashedInsts        7348668                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu2.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         356145                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu2.commit.branchMispredicts           169071                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     35826783                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.689728                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.717733                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27184585     75.88%     75.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      4182145     11.67%     87.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1258559      3.51%     91.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       654760      1.83%     92.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       571167      1.59%     94.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       316320      0.88%     95.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       401210      1.12%     96.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       290625      0.81%     97.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       967412      2.70%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     35826783                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts            20002486                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps              24710742                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                       8209568                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                      4953391                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                      94240                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                   3168906                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                      3119                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                 21931175                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls              294969                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events               967412                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                    66393860                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                   65354684                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.timesIdled                         360581                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu2.idleCycles                       51257346                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu2.quiesceCycles                  3567291742                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   19948293                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                     24656549                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.committedInsts_total             19948293                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                              4.425392                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                        4.425392                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                              0.225969                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                        0.225969                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_reads               153783407                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_writes               29255277                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_reads                    22374                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_writes                   20830                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_reads                9021591                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_writes                240632                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.iocache.replacements                         0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tagsinuse                            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.total_refs                           0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.sampled_refs                         0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.avg_refs                           nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd 975317722127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 975317722127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd 975317722127                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 975317722127                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
