
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.543311                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2543310963000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2543310963000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  64896                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    83503                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             2736674491                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 401948                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   929.34                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    60310426                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      77602848                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::total            64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::total           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::total              1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst           25                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::total               25                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst           25                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::total           25                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst           25                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::total              25                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bytes_read::realview.clcd    121110528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.dtb.walker         2112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.itb.walker          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           505600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data          4226512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.dtb.walker          640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst           293504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data          4868124                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total            131007148                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       505600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst       293504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          799104                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      3786304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu0.data       1344512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu1.data       1671600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           6802416                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::realview.clcd      15138816                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.dtb.walker           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst              7900                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data             66073                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.dtb.walker           10                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst              4586                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data             76071                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total              15293491                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           59161                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu0.data           336128                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu1.data           417900                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               813189                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::realview.clcd        47619237                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.dtb.walker           830                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.itb.walker            50                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst              198796                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data             1661815                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.dtb.walker           252                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst              115402                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data             1914089                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                51510472                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         198796                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst         115402                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             314198                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           1488730                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu0.data             528646                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu1.data             657253                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                2674630                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           1488730                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::realview.clcd       47619237                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.dtb.walker          830                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.itb.walker           50                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst             198796                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data            2190461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.dtb.walker          252                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst             115402                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data            2571343                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               54185102                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                      15293491                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                       813189                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         218466                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                    978783424                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                  52044096                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd              131007148                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                6802416                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       14                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite               4673                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                956233                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                955732                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                955671                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                956488                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                956264                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                955447                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                955562                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                956165                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                956089                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                955603                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10               955529                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11               955926                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12               956033                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13               955432                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14               955318                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15               955985                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                 50834                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                 50412                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                 50437                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                 51163                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                 50909                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                 50191                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                 50279                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                 50860                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                 51365                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                 50901                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                50804                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                51194                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                51250                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                50730                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                50631                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                51229                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                       32475                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    2543309787500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                      43                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                15138816                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  154632                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                 754028                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  59161                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                   1054822                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                    991773                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                    961430                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                   3605165                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                   2718295                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                   2722207                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                   2700301                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                     59966                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                     59368                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                    110015                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                   160547                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                   109964                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                     9981                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                     9914                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                    10593                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                     9111                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                       13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      2745                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      2838                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      2865                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      2928                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      2923                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      2925                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      2921                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      2923                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      2918                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                     35379                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                    35368                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                    35355                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                    35348                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                    35332                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                    35315                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                    35299                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                    35285                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                    35274                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                    35255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                    35245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                    35236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                    35232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                    35223                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                    32768                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                    32651                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                    32612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                    32534                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                    32520                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                    32507                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                    32498                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                    32487                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                    32480                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.totQLat                   346644691750                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat              439813624250                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                  76467385000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                 16701547500                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                       22666.18                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                     1092.07                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  28758.25                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         384.85                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          20.46                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  51.51                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   2.67                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           3.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.17                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         1.13                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                   15218324                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                    794497                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   99.51                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  97.70                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       157904.04                       # Average gap between requests
system.l2c.replacements                         64400                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tagsinuse                     51409.834545                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.total_refs                         1903586                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.sampled_refs                        129789                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.avg_refs                         14.666775                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.warmup_cycle                  2531435998500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.occ_blocks::writebacks        36958.443874                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu0.dtb.walker      20.878124                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu0.itb.walker       0.000349                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst          5181.005742                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu0.data          3269.589268                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu1.dtb.walker       7.697989                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst          3013.641151                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu1.data          2958.578047                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_percent::writebacks           0.563941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu0.dtb.walker      0.000319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu0.itb.walker      0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu0.inst            0.079056                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu0.data            0.049890                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu1.dtb.walker      0.000117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu1.inst            0.045985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu1.data            0.045144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::total                0.784452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker        32561                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         7200                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst             489769                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data             212787                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker        30618                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         6706                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst             481086                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data             174591                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                1435318                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks          608032                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total               608032                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data              20                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data              13                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  33                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data             4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data             6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            57883                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            54957                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               112840                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         32561                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.itb.walker          7200                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              489769                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              270670                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         30618                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.itb.walker          6706                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              481086                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data              229548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 1548158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker        32561                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         7200                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             489769                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             270670                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker        30618                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         6706                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             481086                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data             229548                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                1548158                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst             7790                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data             6089                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           10                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst             4591                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data             4629                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total                23144                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          1539                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          1367                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total              2906                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total               1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          60956                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data          72252                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             133208                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              7790                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data             67045                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           10                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst              4591                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data             76881                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                156352                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             7790                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data            67045                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           10                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst             4591                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data            76881                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               156352                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      2487500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       118000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    431822000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    351847499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker       687000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    262625500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    272693999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     1322281498                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       226500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       250500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       477000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3197672000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3582071000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   6779743000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      2487500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       118000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    431822000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3549519499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker       687000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    262625500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3854764999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total      8102024498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      2487500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       118000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    431822000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3549519499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker       687000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    262625500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3854764999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total     8102024498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        32594                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         7202                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         497559                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data         218876                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        30628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         6706                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         485677                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data         179220                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total            1458462                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       608032                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total           608032                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1559                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data         1380                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            2939                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       118839                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data       127209                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           246048                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        32594                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         7202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          497559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          337715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        30628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         6706                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          485677                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          306429                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             1704510                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        32594                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         7202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         497559                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         337715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        30628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         6706                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         485677                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         306429                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            1704510                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.001012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000278                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.015656                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.027819                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.009453                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.025829                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.015869                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.987171                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.990580                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.988772                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.200000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.090909                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.512929                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.567979                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.541390                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.001012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000278                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.015656                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.198525                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000326                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.009453                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.250893                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.091728                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.001012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000278                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.015656                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.198525                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000326                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.009453                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.250893                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.091728                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 75378.787879                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        59000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 55432.862644                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 57784.118739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        68700                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 57204.421695                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 58909.915533                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57132.798911                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data   147.173489                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data   183.247988                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total   164.143152                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52458.691515                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 49577.464984                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50895.914660                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 75378.787879                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        59000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 55432.862644                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52942.344679                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        68700                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 57204.421695                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 50139.371223                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 51819.129260                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 75378.787879                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        59000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 55432.862644                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52942.344679                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        68700                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 57204.421695                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 50139.371223                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 51819.129260                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               59161                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    59161                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data            19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                73                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst              9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data             40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst              5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data             19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                 73                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            40                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data            19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                73                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         7781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         6049                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         4586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         4610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           23071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1539                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1367                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         2906                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        60956                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        72252                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        133208                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         7781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        67005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         4586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        76862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total           156279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         7781                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        67005                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           10                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         4586                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        76862                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total          156279                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      2076782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        93251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    334596257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    274511433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker       562510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    205256044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    214462572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1031558849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     15391539                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     13671367                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29062906                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        10001                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        10001                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2437522339                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2681989578                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5119511917                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      2076782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        93251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    334596257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2712033772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker       562510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    205256044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2896452150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6151070766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      2076782                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        93251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    334596257                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2712033772                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker       562510                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    205256044                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2896452150                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6151070766                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst      5052330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  84192530267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  82770547004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 166968129601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  10488033620                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  13257430317                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  23745463937                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.LoadLockedReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data        76253                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.LoadLockedReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        76253                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.StoreCondReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data        30003                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.StoreCondReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        30003                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst      5052330                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  94680563887                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  96027977321                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 190713593538                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.001012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000278                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015638                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.027637                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000326                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.009442                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.025723                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015819                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.987171                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.990580                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.988772                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.200000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090909                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.512929                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.567979                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.541390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.001012                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000278                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015638                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.198407                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000326                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.009442                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.250831                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.091686                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.001012                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000278                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015638                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.198407                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000326                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.009442                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.250831                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.091686                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 62932.787879                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 46625.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 43001.703766                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 45381.291618                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        56251                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 44757.096380                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 46521.165293                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44712.359629                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        10001                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        10001                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        10001                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        10001                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        10001                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 39988.226573                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 37119.935476                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38432.465895                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 62932.787879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 46625.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 43001.703766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40475.095470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        56251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 44757.096380                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 37683.798886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39359.547770                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 62932.787879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 46625.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 43001.703766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40475.095470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        56251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 44757.096380                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 37683.798886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39359.547770                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                7600384                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          6061207                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           379102                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             4941026                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                4041960                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct            81.804063                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 728879                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             39033                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                    26040938                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                     40555                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    5901951                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                     9434                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                         257                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                769                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     33                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                    5623                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                     1361                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                   276                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                      633                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                26081493                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                5911385                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                         31942889                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                          49989                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                     31992878                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                     6096045                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                      7428                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                         257                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                769                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     33                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                    2632                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                     1569                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                 6103473                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                          6096045                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                           7428                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                      6103473                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                       239139269                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles          15469651                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      47735703                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    7600384                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           4770839                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     10588915                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2554228                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                     92050                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.BlockedCycles              48266741                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1619                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingDrainCycles             2012                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on pipes to drain
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        51922                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles      1409369                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          188                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  6094028                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               397204                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                   3100                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          77649364                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.760813                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.117939                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                67068023     86.37%     86.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  685973      0.88%     87.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  883508      1.14%     88.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1225779      1.58%     89.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1145464      1.48%     91.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  573659      0.74%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1320882      1.70%     93.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  397746      0.51%     94.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 4348330      5.60%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            77649364                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.031782                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.199615                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                16523555                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             49304070                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  9588345                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               552618                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1678659                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.BranchResolved             1021998                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu0.decode.BranchMispred                90748                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              56218321                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.decode.SquashedInsts               303479                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1678659                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                17458336                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               19025484                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles      27018348                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  9133613                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              3332888                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              53403158                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                13481                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                625557                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LSQFullEvents              2163090                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu0.rename.FullRegisterEvents             470                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           55533202                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            243132036                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       243084049                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            47987                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             40330710                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                15202492                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts            427890                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts        379964                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  6776397                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads            10330089                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            6786263                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads          1056196                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores         1308824                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  49548242                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded            1040790                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 63116713                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            95333                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       10484602                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     26435485                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        265976                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     77649364                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.812843                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.518782                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           54835526     70.62%     70.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            7206411      9.28%     79.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3684013      4.74%     84.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            3126457      4.03%     88.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            6296301      8.11%     96.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1390393      1.79%     98.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             812577      1.05%     99.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             231214      0.30%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              66472      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       77649364                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  32527      0.73%      0.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     4      0.00%      0.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      0.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%      0.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%      0.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%      0.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%      0.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%      0.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%      0.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%      0.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%      0.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%      0.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%      0.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%      0.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%      0.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%      0.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%      0.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%      0.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%      0.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%      0.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%      0.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%      0.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%      0.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%      0.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%      0.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%      0.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%      0.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%      0.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead               4227565     94.61%     95.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               208097      4.66%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           195790      0.31%      0.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             29888266     47.35%     47.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               47148      0.07%     47.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     47.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     47.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     47.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     47.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     47.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     47.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     47.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     47.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     47.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     47.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     47.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     47.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 10      0.00%     47.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     47.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     47.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 1      0.00%     47.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              6      0.00%     47.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     47.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     47.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     47.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     47.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     47.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     47.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          1209      0.00%     47.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     47.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            6      0.00%     47.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     47.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            26756071     42.39%     90.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            6228206      9.87%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              63116713                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.263933                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    4468193                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.070793                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         208483702                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         61082486                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     44086612                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              12401                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes              6581                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         5541                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              67382548                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                   6568                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          320496                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2269255                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         3561                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        15997                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       887357                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads     17163539                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       367436                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1678659                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               14252559                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               235358                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           50705856                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           106082                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             10330089                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             6786263                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            740769                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 57048                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 3493                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         15997                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        185463                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       146727                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              332190                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             61942896                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             26397875                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          1173817                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                       116824                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    32569629                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 6012851                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   6171754                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.259024                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      61414090                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     44092153                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 24268667                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 44593954                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.184379                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.544214                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       10328850                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         774814                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           289634                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     75970705                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524893                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.506232                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     61754720     81.29%     81.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      6906334      9.09%     90.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      2042059      2.69%     93.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1137631      1.50%     94.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1039888      1.37%     95.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       547173      0.72%     96.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       697067      0.92%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       371357      0.49%     98.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1474476      1.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     75970705                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            31216883                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              39876471                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      13959740                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      8060834                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                     211745                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   5194005                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      5497                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 35234084                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              512673                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1474476                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   123727475                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  102131366                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                         883402                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                      161489905                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.quiesceCycles                  2289692501                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   31137553                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     39797141                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.committedInsts_total             31137553                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              7.680092                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        7.680092                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.130207                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.130207                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               280388173                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               45343219                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    22835                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   19826                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               15490012                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_writes                428542                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                983837                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tagsinuse               511.608434                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.total_refs                11044105                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.sampled_refs                984349                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.avg_refs                 11.219705                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.warmup_cycle            6537508000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   356.557711                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   155.050723                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.696402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.302833                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      5554519                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst      5489586                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       11044105                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      5554519                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst      5489586                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        11044105                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      5554519                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst      5489586                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       11044105                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       539384                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       525964                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1065348                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       539384                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       525964                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total       1065348                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       539384                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       525964                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total      1065348                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   7306834994                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   6986624997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14293459991                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   7306834994                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   6986624997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  14293459991                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   7306834994                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   6986624997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  14293459991                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      6093903                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst      6015550                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12109453                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      6093903                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst      6015550                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     12109453                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      6093903                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst      6015550                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     12109453                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.088512                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.087434                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.087977                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.088512                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.087434                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.087977                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.088512                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.087434                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.087977                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13546.629107                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13283.466163                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13416.705143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13546.629107                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13283.466163                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13416.705143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13546.629107                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13283.466163                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13416.705143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         5066                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          940                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              333                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    15.213213                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          940                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        41253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst        39724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        80977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        41253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst        39724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        80977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        41253                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst        39724                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        80977                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       498131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       486240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       984371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       498131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       486240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       984371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       498131                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       486240                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       984371                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   5959731494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5688421497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11648152991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   5959731494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5688421497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11648152991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   5959731494                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5688421497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11648152991                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst      7527500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7527500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst      7527500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7527500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.081743                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.080831                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.081289                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.081743                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.080831                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.081289                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.081743                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.080831                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.081289                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11964.185112                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11698.793799                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11833.092392                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11964.185112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11698.793799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11833.092392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11964.185112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11698.793799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11833.092392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements                643632                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tagsinuse               511.992721                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.total_refs                21539031                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.sampled_refs                644144                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_refs                 33.438223                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.warmup_cycle              43205000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   318.855973                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   193.136748                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.622766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.377220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      7102728                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      6679613                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       13782341                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      3764279                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data      3497770                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7262049                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       125347                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data       118612                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       243959                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       127468                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data       120149                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       247617                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     10867007                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data     10177383                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        21044390                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     10867007                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data     10177383                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       21044390                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       432162                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       317706                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       749868                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data      1404882                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data      1555981                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      2960863                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data         6865                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data         6770                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        13635                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data            6                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           11                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      1837044                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data      1873687                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       3710731                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      1837044                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data      1873687                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      3710731                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6446831500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4972718500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11419550000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  53651379846                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data  60828015793                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 114479395639                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     92928500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     94557500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    187486000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data        77000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data        78000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       155000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  60098211346                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data  65800734293                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 125898945639                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  60098211346                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data  65800734293                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 125898945639                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      7534890                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      6997319                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14532209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      5169161                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      5053751                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     10222912                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       132212                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data       125382                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       257594                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       127473                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data       120155                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       247628                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     12704051                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data     12051070                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24755121                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     12704051                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data     12051070                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24755121                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.057355                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.045404                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.051600                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.271781                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.307886                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.289630                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.051924                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.053995                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.052932                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000039                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.000050                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.144603                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.155479                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.149898                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.144603                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.155479                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.149898                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 14917.626955                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15651.950231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15228.746926                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 38189.242830                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 39093.032494                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38664.198796                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 13536.562272                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13967.134417                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13750.348368                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        15400                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data        13000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14090.909091                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 32714.628145                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 35118.317143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33928.340707                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 32714.628145                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 35118.317143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33928.340707                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        34713                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        17159                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             3563                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets            258                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     9.742633                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    66.507752                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       608032                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           608032                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       219382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       144497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       363879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      1284538                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data      1427444                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      2711982                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          715                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data          707                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         1422                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      1503920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data      1571941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      3075861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      1503920                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data      1571941                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      3075861                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       212780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       173209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       385989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       120344                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       128537                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       248881                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         6150                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         6063                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        12213                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            6                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       333124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       301746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       634870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       333124                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       301746                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       634870                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2896058500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2345588000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5241646500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4040706484                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4421917442                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8462623926                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     72222000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     74035000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    146257000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        67000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        66000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       133000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6936764984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   6767505442                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13704270426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6936764984                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   6767505442                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13704270426                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  91949852000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  90406740000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 182356592000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  14910322570                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  18705155021                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  33615477591                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       118000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       118000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data        69000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        69000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 106860174570                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 109111895021                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 215972069591                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.028239                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.024754                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026561                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.023281                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.025434                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024345                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.046516                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.048356                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047412                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000039                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.000050                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.026222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.025039                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025646                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.026222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.025039                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025646                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 13610.576652                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13541.952208                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13579.782066                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 33576.301968                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 34401.903281                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34002.691752                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 11743.414634                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12210.951674                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11975.517891                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        13400                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        11000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12090.909091                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 20823.372030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 22427.821552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21585.947400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 20823.372030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 22427.821552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21585.947400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                7054454                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted          5657096                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect           345347                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups             4549622                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                3820237                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct            83.968229                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                 674890                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect             35092                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                    25326740                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                     36422                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    5812086                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                     9253                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                         254                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                670                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     30                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                    5525                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                     1356                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                   233                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                      644                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                25363162                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                5821339                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                         31138826                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                          45675                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                     31184501                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                     6017589                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                      6780                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                         254                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                670                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     30                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                    2604                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                     1493                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                 6024369                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                          6017589                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                           6780                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                      6024369                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                       234207757                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.icacheStallCycles          15218240                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu1.fetch.Insts                      46698589                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu1.fetch.Branches                    7054454                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu1.fetch.predictedBranches           4495127                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu1.fetch.Cycles                     10302624                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.SquashCycles                2620130                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu1.fetch.TlbCycles                     82175                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu1.fetch.BlockedCycles              46347162                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1067                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingDrainCycles             2022                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on pipes to drain
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        43841                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles      1251673                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          166                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu1.fetch.CacheLines                  6015552                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheSquashes               445431                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.ItlbSquashes                   2871                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples          75042047                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.773320                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.138232                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                64747187     86.28%     86.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                  625900      0.83%     87.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                  833929      1.11%     88.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                 1208466      1.61%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                 1046555      1.39%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                  538335      0.72%     91.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                 1373859      1.83%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                  351234      0.47%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                 4316582      5.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total            75042047                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                 0.030120                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                       0.199390                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.decode.IdleCycles                16229024                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu1.decode.BlockedCycles             47299345                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu1.decode.RunCycles                  9347740                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu1.decode.UnblockCycles               453958                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu1.decode.SquashCycles               1709750                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu1.decode.BranchResolved              948283                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu1.decode.BranchMispred                85990                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu1.decode.DecodedInsts              54953007                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.decode.SquashedInsts               286020                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.rename.SquashCycles               1709750                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu1.rename.IdleCycles                17168291                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu1.rename.BlockCycles               18529773                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles      25747808                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.RunCycles                  8785346                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu1.rename.UnblockCycles              3098929                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedInsts              51771461                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu1.rename.ROBFullEvents                 7122                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu1.rename.IQFullEvents                486511                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu1.rename.LSQFullEvents              2115721                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu1.rename.FullRegisterEvents              96                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedOperands           53850166                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu1.rename.RenameLookups            237651325                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu1.rename.int_rename_lookups       237608915                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.fp_rename_lookups            42410                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.CommittedMaps             38062786                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu1.rename.UndoneMaps                15787379                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts            405266                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts        358955                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                  6248671                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads             9866186                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores            6689314                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads           887473                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores         1140418                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsAdded                  47717114                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu1.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             944883                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsIssued                 60871845                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            81909                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       10575332                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     28005773                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        237169                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     75042047                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.811170                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.521401                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           53284770     71.01%     71.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            6662382      8.88%     79.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3536622      4.71%     84.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2873956      3.83%     88.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            6247532      8.33%     96.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1425164      1.90%     98.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             742478      0.99%     99.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             209609      0.28%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              59534      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       75042047                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  26737      0.61%      0.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     1      0.00%      0.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      0.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%      0.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%      0.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%      0.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%      0.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%      0.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%      0.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%      0.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%      0.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%      0.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%      0.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%      0.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%      0.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%      0.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%      0.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%      0.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%      0.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%      0.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%      0.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%      0.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%      0.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%      0.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%      0.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%      0.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%      0.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%      0.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead               4146600     94.82%     95.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               199958      4.57%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           167876      0.28%      0.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             28487291     46.80%     47.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               46424      0.08%     47.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     47.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     47.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     47.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     47.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     47.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     47.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     47.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     47.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     47.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     47.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     47.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     47.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  8      0.00%     47.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     47.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     47.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     47.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              6      0.00%     47.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     47.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     47.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     47.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     47.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     47.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     47.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           902      0.00%     47.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     47.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            6      0.00%     47.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     47.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            26063934     42.82%     89.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            6105398     10.03%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total              60871845                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                          0.259905                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    4373296                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.071844                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         201275709                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         59245662                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     41829457                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              10720                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes              5895                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         4750                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses              65071600                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                   5665                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          304013                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2271620                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         3204                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        14692                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       855526                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads     16940305                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       458975                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles               1709750                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles               13959970                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles               234377                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           48767354                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            97921                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              9866186                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             6689314                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            671038                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 52079                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 3815                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         14692                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        167743                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       133124                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts              300867                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts             59498020                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             25657253                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          1373825                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                       105357                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                    31711723                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                 5535621                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                   6054470                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                    0.254039                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                      58916799                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                     41834207                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                 22806182                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                 41818913                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                      0.178620                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                    0.545356                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.commit.commitSquashedInsts       10492813                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu1.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         707714                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu1.commit.branchMispredicts           260708                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     73332297                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.516509                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.496867                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     59797837     81.54%     81.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      6663272      9.09%     90.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1912982      2.61%     93.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1016048      1.39%     94.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       959954      1.31%     95.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       526368      0.72%     96.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       702800      0.96%     97.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       373366      0.51%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1379670      1.88%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     73332297                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts            29243924                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps              37876758                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                      13428354                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                      7594566                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                     191899                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                   4767702                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                      4715                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                 33624060                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls              478655                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events              1379670                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                   119446868                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                   98500710                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.timesIdled                         873517                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu1.idleCycles                      159165710                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu1.quiesceCycles                  2285782593                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   29172873                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                     37805707                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.committedInsts_total             29172873                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                              8.028272                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                        8.028272                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                              0.124560                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                        0.124560                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_reads               269572472                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_writes               42951903                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_reads                    22113                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_writes                   19714                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_reads               14815337                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_writes                403940                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.iocache.replacements                         0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tagsinuse                            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.total_refs                           0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.sampled_refs                         0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.avg_refs                           nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd 1192618547941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1192618547941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd 1192618547941                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1192618547941                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                   83057                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
