
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  5.205149                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                5205148879000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5205148879000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 128983                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   247272                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             6293860084                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 868904                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   827.02                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   106671342                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     204498755                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        35240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.dtb.walker       160344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.itb.walker        75328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst        562944184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data         41978278                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.dtb.walker        62896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.itb.walker        30152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst        448071240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data         51341424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total           1104699086                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst    562944184                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst    448071240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total      1011015424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      2991104                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu0.itb.walker           16                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu0.data      33612947                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu1.data      34199698                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          70803765                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          821                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.dtb.walker        20043                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.itb.walker         9416                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst          70368023                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data           6999506                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.dtb.walker         7862                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.itb.walker         3769                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst          56008905                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data           8662168                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total             142080513                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        46736                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu0.data          5025316                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu1.data          4781707                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total              9853761                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         6770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.dtb.walker         30805                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.itb.walker         14472                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst           108151409                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data             8064760                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.dtb.walker         12083                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.itb.walker          5793                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst            86082310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data             9863584                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               212231986                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      108151409                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst       86082310                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          194233719                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       574643                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu0.itb.walker            3                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu0.data            6457634                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu1.data            6570359                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               13602640                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       581414                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.dtb.walker        30805                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.itb.walker        14475                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst          108151409                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data           14522394                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.dtb.walker        12083                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.itb.walker         5793                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst           86082310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data           16433943                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              225834626                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                           821                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                        46736                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                          47279                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                        52544                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   2991104                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                  35240                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                2991104                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        0                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                    32                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                     0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                    48                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                    64                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                   309                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                    32                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                    64                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                    64                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                    48                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                    48                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                   32                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                   16                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                   16                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                   32                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                    0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                   16                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                  2992                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                  2832                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                  3024                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                  2944                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                  2992                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                  2960                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                  2968                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                  2992                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                  2856                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                  2864                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                 2896                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                 2800                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                 2864                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                 2864                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                 2960                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                 2928                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                          31                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                     64277169000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                     309                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                     512                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  46736                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                       339                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                        30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                        30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                        30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                        30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                        30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                        30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                        30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                        30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                       30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                       30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                       30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                       30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                       30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                       30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      1965                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      1974                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      1995                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      1997                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      1997                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      1997                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      1997                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      1998                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      1999                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      2032                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     2032                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     2032                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     2032                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     2032                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     2032                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     2032                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     2032                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     2032                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     2032                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     2032                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     2032                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     2032                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     2032                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                       67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                       58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                       37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                       35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                       35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                       35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                       35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                       34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                       33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.totQLat                       41690522                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                  53523022                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                      4105000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                     7727500                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                       50780.17                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                     9412.30                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  65192.48                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           0.01                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.57                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                   0.01                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   0.57                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.00                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         0.15                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                        704                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     45223                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   85.75                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  96.76                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      1351581.66                       # Average gap between requests
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes        32768                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           30                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          693                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      2987008                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          813                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes         4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_reads            0                       # number of data array reads
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_writes            0                       # number of data array writes
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_reads            0                       # number of tag array reads
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_writes            0                       # number of tag array writes
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by tag array
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by data array
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_reads            0                       # number of data array reads
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_writes            0                       # number of data array writes
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_reads            0                       # number of tag array reads
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_writes            0                       # number of tag array writes
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by tag array
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by data array
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_reads            0                       # number of data array reads
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_writes            0                       # number of data array writes
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_reads            0                       # number of tag array reads
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_writes            0                       # number of tag array writes
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by tag array
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by data array
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_reads            0                       # number of data array reads
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_writes            0                       # number of data array writes
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_reads            0                       # number of tag array reads
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_writes            0                       # number of tag array writes
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by tag array
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by data array
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cacheMemory.num_data_array_reads            0                       # number of data array reads
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cacheMemory.num_data_array_writes            0                       # number of data array writes
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cacheMemory.num_tag_array_reads            0                       # number of tag array reads
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cacheMemory.num_tag_array_writes            0                       # number of tag array writes
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cacheMemory.num_tag_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by tag array
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cacheMemory.num_data_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by data array
system.cpu0.numCycles                     10410297758                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   60288276                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                    115773081                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses            108731496                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts     10277696                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                   108731496                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          267473663                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes         137108635                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     12880520                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    7843945                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   5036575                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              9879714305.974102                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              530583452.025898                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.050967                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.949033                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.numCycles                     10407399002                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   46383066                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     88725674                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             85218419                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      7955161                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    85218419                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          213998429                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         102139748                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     13480502                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    8673583                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   4806919                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              10081113907.619320                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              326285094.380681                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.031351                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.968649                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
